4.1 JMS Improvements  JMS改进

Spring 4.1 introduces a much simpler infrastructure to register JMS listener endpoints by annotating bean methods with @JmsListener. The XML namespace has been enhanced to support this new style (jms:annotation-driven), and it is also possible to fully configure the infrastructure using Java config (@EnableJms, JmsListenerContainerFactory). It is also possible to register listener endpoints programmatically using JmsListenerConfigurer.

Spring 4.1介绍了一个简单很多的架构去注册一个JMS监听器，通过@JmsListener注解。XML命名空间也得到增强去支持新风格（jms:annotation-driven），也可以完全通过Java配置的方式进行配置（@EnableJms, JmsListenerContainerFactory）。还支持通过编程方式注册监听器的配置方式，使用JmsListenerConfigurer。

Spring 4.1 also aligns its JMS support to allow you to benefit from the spring-messaging abstraction introduced in 4.0, that is:



- Message listener endpoints can have a more flexible signature and benefit from standard messaging annotations such as @Payload, @Header, @Headers, and @SendTo. It is also possible to use a standard Message in lieu of javax.jms.Message as method argument.
- A new JmsMessageOperations interface is available and permits JmsTemplate like operations using the Message abstraction. 

Finally, Spring 4.1 provides additional miscellaneous improvements:

- Synchronous request-reply operations support in JmsTemplate
- Listener priority can be specified per <jms:listener/> element
- Recovery options for the message listener container are configurable using a BackOff implementation
- JMS 2.0 shared consumers are supported 