4.5 Testing Improvements

    Groovy scripts can now be used to configure the ApplicationContext loaded for integration tests in the TestContext framework.
        See the section called “Context configuration with Groovy scripts” for details. 

    Test-managed transactions can now be programmatically started and ended within transactional test methods via the new TestTransaction API.
        See the section called “Programmatic transaction management” for details. 

    SQL script execution can now be configured declaratively via the new @Sql and @SqlConfig annotations on a per-class or per-method basis.
        See Section 15.5.8, “Executing SQL scripts” for details. 

    Test property sources which automatically override system and application property sources can be configured via the new @TestPropertySource annotation.
        See the section called “Context configuration with test property sources” for details. 

    Default TestExecutionListeners can now be automatically discovered.
        See the section called “Automatic discovery of default TestExecutionListeners” for details. 

    Custom TestExecutionListeners can now be automatically merged with the default listeners.
        See the section called “Merging TestExecutionListeners” for details. 

    The documentation for transactional testing support in the TestContext framework has been improved with more thorough explanations and additional examples.
        See Section 15.5.7, “Transaction management” for details. 
    Various improvements to MockServletContext, MockHttpServletRequest, and other Servlet API mocks.
    AssertThrows has been refactored to support Throwable instead of Exception.
    In Spring MVC Test, JSON responses can be asserted with JSON Assert as an extra option to using JSONPath much like it has been possible to do for XML with XMLUnit.
    MockMvcBuilder recipes can now be created with the help of MockMvcConfigurer. This was added to make it easy to apply Spring Security setup but can be used to encapsulate common setup for any 3rd party framework or within a project.
    MockRestServiceServer now supports the AsyncRestTemplate for client-side testing. 