5.6 Testing Improvements

    JUnit-based integration tests can now be executed with JUnit rules instead of the SpringJUnit4ClassRunner. This allows Spring-based integration tests to be run with alternative runners like JUnit’s Parameterized or third-party runners such as the MockitoJUnitRunner.
        See the section called “Spring JUnit 4 Rules” for details. 

    The Spring MVC Test framework now provides first-class support for HtmlUnit, including integration with Selenium’s WebDriver, allowing for page-based web application testing without the need to deploy to a Servlet container.
        See Section 15.6.2, “HtmlUnit Integration” for details. 

    AopTestUtils is a new testing utility that allows developers to obtain a reference to the underlying target object hidden behind one or more Spring proxies.
        See Section 14.2.1, “General testing utilities” for details. 
    ReflectionTestUtils now supports setting and getting static fields, including constants.
    The original ordering of bean definition profiles declared via @ActiveProfiles is now retained in order to support use cases such as Spring Boot’s ConfigFileApplicationListener which loads configuration files based on the names of active profiles.
    @DirtiesContext supports new BEFORE_METHOD, BEFORE_CLASS, and BEFORE_EACH_TEST_METHOD modes for closing the ApplicationContext before a test — for example, if some rogue (i.e., yet to be determined) test within a large test suite has corrupted the original configuration for the ApplicationContext.
    @Commit is a new annotation that may be used as a direct replacement for @Rollback(false).

    @Rollback may now be used to configure class-level default rollback semantics.
        Consequently, @TransactionConfiguration is now deprecated and will be removed in a subsequent release. 
    @Sql now supports execution of inlined SQL statements via a new statements attribute.
    The ContextCache that is used for caching ApplicationContexts between tests is now a public API with a default implementation that can be replaced for custom caching needs.
    DefaultTestContext, DefaultBootstrapContext, and DefaultCacheAwareContextLoaderDelegate are now public classes in the support subpackage, allowing for custom extensions.
    TestContextBootstrappers are now responsible for building the TestContext.
    In the Spring MVC Test framework, MvcResult details can now be logged at DEBUG level or written to a custom OutputStream or Writer. See the new log(), print(OutputStream), and print(Writer) methods in MockMvcResultHandlers for details.
    The JDBC XML namespace supports a new database-name attribute in <jdbc:embedded-database>, allowing developers to set unique names for embedded databases –- for example, via a SpEL expression or a property placeholder that is influenced by the current active bean definition profiles.

    Embedded databases can now be automatically assigned a unique name, allowing common test database configuration to be reused in different ApplicationContexts within a test suite.
        See Section 19.8.6, “Generating unique names for embedded databases” for details. 
    MockHttpServletRequest and MockHttpServletResponse now provide better support for date header formatting via the getDateHeader and setDateHeader methods. 