6.7 Testing Improvements

    The JUnit support in the Spring TestContext Framework now requires JUnit 4.12 or higher.
    New SpringRunner alias for the SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.
    Test related annotations may now be declared on interfaces — for example, for use with test interfaces that make use of Java 8 based interface default methods.
    An empty declaration of @ContextConfiguration can now be completely omitted if default XML files, Groovy scripts, or @Configuration classes are detected.
    @Transactional test methods are no longer required to be public (e.g., in TestNG and JUnit 5).
    @BeforeTransaction and @AfterTransaction methods are no longer required to be public and may now be declared on Java 8 based interface default methods.
    The ApplicationContext cache in the Spring TestContext Framework is now bounded with a default maximum size of 32 and a least recently used eviction policy. The maximum size can be configured by setting a JVM system property or Spring property called spring.test.context.cache.maxSize.
    New ContextCustomizer API for customizing a test ApplicationContext after bean definitions have been loaded into the context but before the context has been refreshed. Customizers can be registered globally by third parties, foregoing the need to implement a custom ContextLoader.
    @Sql and @SqlGroup may now be used as meta-annotations to create custom composed annotations with attribute overrides.
    ReflectionTestUtils now automatically unwraps proxies when setting or getting a field.
    Server-side Spring MVC Test supports expectations on response headers with multiple values.
    Server-side Spring MVC Test parses form data request content and populates request parameters.
    Server-side Spring MVC Test supports mock-like assertions for invoked handler methods.
    Client-side REST test support allows indicating how many times a request is expected and whether the order of declaration for expectations should be ignored (see Section 15.6.3, “Client-Side REST Tests”).
    Client-side REST Test supports expectations for form data in the request body. 